Remove SMT nodes along the path during `update` (#627)
FuelLabs/fuel-vm: CHANGELOG.md

    - If the `witnessses_size > policies.witness_limit`, then transaction will be rejected.
    - GTF opcode changed its hardcoded constants for fields. It should be updated according to the values from the specification on the Sway side.

### Fixed

> - [#627](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-vm/pull/627): Added removal of SMT nodes along the path during `update` operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [#627](https://github.com/FuelLabs/fuel-vm/pull/627): Added removal of obsolete SMT nodes along the path during `update` and `delete` operations.
```
